have you ever wanted to go to harvard
university
welcome back to another episode of
campus
crawl today we're featuring my childhood
dream
harvard university
this is one of many entrances into
harvard
now you're officially on harvard
campus so right now we are
walking in the harbor yard and it's very
beautiful
everything is all brick red bricks
everywhere
and the thing about harvard is that it's
the
oldest higher education institution
in united states and that's why a lot of
these
are built from bricks as we walk around
there's no classes in this area so it's
like
where a lot of the tourists come and
we'll go over there to the main
library harvard is very beautiful and
elegant to look at
there's a lot of dorms in this area
actually
the thing about harvard is that it was
originally founded as a
religious institution so that's why you
might see a lot of
chapel and church like buildings
so right now we're in the dead center of
harvard
yard which is where you'll probably go
when you first visit
harvard and this is the most iconic shot
you'll ever see
because behind me is the memorial
library and if we do
a pan around
right behind me this way is the memorial
church two of the most iconic buildings
at harvard and
you can snap your instagram photos right
here
harvard is actually a liberal arts
school and they encourage
exploration so when you first enter
harvard you don't actually declare a
major
you select a bunch of different courses
and you just take whatever you want to
take
harvard yard is true to its name because
look behind me it's an
actual garden a lot of grass here so in
the summer time
when it's warm sunny some bay then read
a book
that's what harvard life is all about
learning
and experiencing the world
[Music]
right behind me is the statue of mr john
harvard the founder of harvard
university
himself usually there's like a line of
people waiting to take pictures but
today
is not too bad so we get a chance to rub
off on the
knowledge and the history of
mr john harvard so here's here's what
you do
you come here you touch his toe because
he's gonna kick you to the stratosphere
of knowledge
as you can see here the toe is
actually more of a bronze color where
the rest
is all like black it's because there's
constant rubbing
on this toe there's a tradition at
harvard i don't know if i
should tell you but i'm going to tell
you anyway the tradition at harvard
is that before you graduate from your
undergraduate program
you gotta pee on this statue so when you
rub the foot you might be actually
rubbing more than just a bronze over
here
so you might want to wash your hands
afterwards
so we can actually go into the library
because it's restricted to students only
but i can show you the entrance
who am i kidding this is campus crawl
we got exclusive access into the library
we're going to crawl to every corner of
harvard university so you can get
inspired
to one day study here
oh marble it's almost like a museum
you're stepping
into the heritage
[Music]
i just finished studying coming down
from the harvard library that was my
dream to study in there as a little kid
so i finally did it
it's called the science center but a
bunch of different faculty students have
classes
in this building
all right hello class so this is
the science center this is where a lot
of the lecture halls and
small classrooms like this are located
in this building so if you go to harvard
you'll come here
a lot
[Music]
all right so right now we're at harvard
square this is basically
like a city center of harvard it's more
commercialized area the best thing about
harvard
is that it's interconnected with the
city so
as soon as you walk outside the campus
what you will see
is everything from gift shops sandwich
shops
banks whatever you want it's very
convenient yeah they have like bars and
restaurants
just near here all right let's keep on
going they kept a part of the
traditional
architecture that's why you can feel so
much heritage
at harvard university
all right so now we're in the smith's
building and right behind me is the
harvard commons
this is one of the best study spots on
harvard campus because it's newly
renovated
it looks extremely aesthetic instagram
worthy
if you come here all right let's go
[Music]
right now i'm just doing some light
studying taking a little break
it was a lot of walking harvard campus
is pretty spread out
classroom buildings which are all spread
out within like a
10 block radius basically
in the harvard commons they have a mix
of quiet studying and
like conversation space and maybe you'll
be starting your next
billion dollar company here i love it
it's a nice study environment
[Music]
so we've been let into the chinese
department
and these are chinese classrooms this is
actually very modern
and these classrooms range in size
they go from 15 to around 40 people
right let's turn lights off
oh dim in the center here it's just like
a lounge area
where you can sit down uh have
conversations
with
okay now i go back to english so this
is the chinese department but a lot of
the faculties
are very similar and they have their own
buildings
each one of them so harvard has a mix of
modern classrooms
and old classrooms the old classrooms
definitely fit the stereotype of harvard
[Music]
where
this is a huge church for university
because
originally harvest started as a
religious school they still
run service on sundays which is amazing
look at the organ
all right thank you for coming along
with me on campus crawl
episode 2 featuring harvard
university half of that year this is my
childhood dream
and please click subscribe if you want
more of these videos and comment down
below
what your favorite part about half i'm
sorry what your favorite part about
harvard university
is and maybe you can comment below your
childhood dream
as well i'm your host hafu i'll see you
next time peace
click here to see another episode of
campus
cross see you next time